Brother, don't do anything stupid
These people are bandits
The long holiday is huge
Why can't you provoke it?
I promise you.
So what if you lose?
Humph Off-Road
Are you out of your mind?
How good is Zhang Shou's family background?
It's more expensive than your life
Can be killed by Zhang Shou with money
You are the first person in history
If I lose
I'll do whatever you want me to do
We'll see then.
Ah!
Jiang Shaoyu is hooked
Dad, I won't marry
It was pharyngitis that saved me
To marry his girl
Although pharyngitis is a bit capable
But it is a fact that Jiang Shao met late at night
Besides, it's not necessarily him who saves you
It should be unclear which is more important
Could it be that
Even you don't want your grandfather to live a few more years?
It is difficult to accept having a family as promised
I understand so
It just so happens that Ye Yan will live stream PK with the Zhang family tomorrow.
If Ye Yan wins
I will never disturb Miss Ruyan again
What do you think?
The live broadcast seems rude.
It's a great way to prove your connections
If he can win this live stream
It's worth getting to know.
Okay, stop it.
I will also dismantle the ancient pagoda and send it to a night suit.
Remember to meet him at the banquet seven days later. It's the head of the Liu family.
Go back to Jiang Shao and walk slowly
Notify all internet companies that can be reached
How to arrange the navy
They know
And
If someone in Jiangzhou dares to charge Ye Yan a penny
I want him dead.